### Why
We need parties to allow players to enter matches with friends.

### Configuration
N/A

### How
Parties can be accessed through `BeamContext.Default.Party`.
Full functionality:
- Create party
	To create a party user should use `Create` method passing `PartyRestriction` value and max size of the party. As optional parameters there are actions referring notifications, respectively: `onPlayerJoined`, `onPlayerLeft`, `onPartyUpdated`, `onPlayerPromoted` and `onPlayerKicked`.
	- Specification of those actions:
		- `onPlayerJoined`: `Action<object, object>` meaning `<partyId, joinedPlayerId>`
		- `onPlayerLeft`: `Action<object, object>` meaning `<partyId, leavingPlayerId>`
		- `onPartyUpdated`: `Action<object, long, long, string, string>` meaning `<partyId, oldMaxSize, newMaxSize, oldRestriction, newRestriction>`
		- `onPlayerPromoted`: `Action<object, object>` meaning `<partyId, promotedPlayerId>`
		- `onPlayerKicked`: `Action<object, object>` meaning `<partyId, kickedPlayerId>`
- Update party
	To change properties of already existing party user can use `Update` method passing new values for `PartyRestriction` and max party size. Only party leader is allowed to update party.
- Join party
	A party can be joined with `Join` method passing a party id. If `PartyRestriction` is set to `InviteOnly` the player would have to receive an invite before joining.
- Leave party
	To leave a party user can simply call `Leave` method.
- Invite player
	`Invite` with player id as a parameter can be used to invite given player to the current party. Only party leader is able to invite players.
- Promote player
	A party leader can promote other player in the party to be a leader through `Promote` method passing a player id.
- Kick player
	A party leader can kick other players out of the party using `Kick` method passing a player id.

To receive invites you need to subscribe to `onPlayerInvited` action. It's `Action<object, object>` meaning `<partyId, invitingPlayerId>`

### Prefab
`BussPartyView` is the main prefab presenting functionality of parties.
`PartySlotPresenter` is used internally by the `BussPartyView` prefab.

### Editor
For now the prefab can be found only through Project window in EasyFeatures directory.

### Notes
N/A
