### Why
Working with content locally used to require developers to constantly publish their content to the realm. This would slow down developers, because each iteration cycle required a publication. You could also forget to publish, which requires stopping the game, publishing, and then restarting.

Local content mode enables faster iteration speed, and reduces the likelihood that developers publish untested content. 

### Configuration
There is a new config option in _Beamable/Content/Enable Local Content In Editor_ that is enabled by default.

### How
When local content mode is enabled, the requests to get content manifests and to resolve individual content objects are hijacked to return the local on-disk content. Under the hood, this uses the dependency injection system to inject custom resolvers. These custom dependencies are only available in the editor, and the types won't be available in runtime, which means that built games will behalf the same way they always have.

### Editor
The Content Manager shows Local Mode or Remote Mode in the bottom of the editor, and is a link to the project settings. 

### Notes
If you have multiple content namespaces, then local content mode only works for the currently selected content namespace in the editor. The Beamable Editor only ever has one namespace downloaded at any given moment, which means the local environment simply doesn't have all the namespaces it needs to host them locally. If a content ref is resolved against a namespace that is not local, then it will revert to downlaoding from the realm.