### Why
Presence SDK is needed to check online status of other players and setting status of the current player. It also allows to get notified about friend's status change.

### Configuration
none

### How
Presence SDK can be accessed through `BeamContext` like this:

```
var presence = BeamContext.Default.Presence;
```

This property gives access to several methods useful for checking and setting presence status:

- `presence.GetPlayerPresence(playerId)` returns a `PlayerPresence` object for a given player. It contains information about player's online status (true or false), `LastOnline` property which is a `DateTime`, description set by the player and `PresenceStatus` property which is an enum of such values: `Visible`, `Invisible`, `Dnd` (do not disturb) and `Away`.
- `presence.SetPlayerStatus(status, description)` sets the `PresenceStatus` and a description for the current player.
- `presence.GetManyStatuses(playerIds)` returns a `MultiplePlayersStatus` object which is just a wrapper for a `List<PlayerPresence>` for a given collection of gamertags.

`BeamContext.Default.Social` also benefits from Presence SDK since it handles notifications for status change of players on the friends list.
Actions can be added to the `PlayerPresenceChanged` event which will fire when any of the friends changes status. It provides the updated player's id and the new `PlayerPresence` object.

### Prefab
Social prefab is using Presence SDK for status change notification of friends. The prefab itself is showing online status on each player's avatar with a colored dot.

### Editor
none

### Notes
(Insert anything else that is important)