# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [5.0.1] - 2025-06-10
no changes

## [5.0.0] - 2025-06-06

### Fixed
- Callable methods can have `void` signatures
- Scheduler can invoke callable methods that return `Promise` with more than 1 argument

### Added
- Beam scheduler jobs have a new `SuspendedAt` property
- `BeamScheduler.GetSuspendedJobs()` returns recently suspended jobs
- Beam scheduler jobs can be unique
- Add the ability to use remote storage in local microservices. Can be done by calling `MicroserviceBootstrapper.ForceUseRemoteDependencies<TMicroservice>()` in the `Program.cs` right after the call for `await MicroserviceBootstrapper.Prepare<TMicroservice>()`.
- Callable methods' `Context` field have access to `AccountId`, `GamePid`, and `BeamContext` properties.
- Microservices can emit open telemetry data when standard OTLP environment variables are enabled

### Changed
- `BeamScheduler.GetJobs` is obsolete and `GetAllJobs` should be used instead
- `BeamScheduler.GetJobActivity` is obsolete and `GetAllJobActivity` should be used instead
- Microservice logging uses `Zlogger` instead of `Serilog`

## [4.3.0] - 2025-05-08

### Added
- `[Callable]` methods have access to a `SignedRequester` property which may execute signed requests.

### Fixed
- `Analytics.SendAnalyticsEvent` calls now use signed requests 

## [4.2.0] - 2025-04-04
### Fixed
- Fix local routing key in ServiceCallBuilder

## [4.1.5] - 2025-03-26
### Fixed
- SSL bypass logic allows for custom host string containing `/` characters 

## [4.1.4] - 2025-03-20
no changes

## [4.1.3] - 2025-03-07

### Fixed
- Content preloading uses configured host string in SSL logic, rather than hard coding "beamable.com"

## [4.1.0] - 2025-02-20

### Fixed
- Content can be loaded from referenced assemblies [#3888](https://github.com/beamable/BeamableProduct/issues/3888)

## [4.0.0] - 2025-01-24

### Added
- Providing `BEAM_REQUIRE_PROCESS_ID` environment variable will cause microservice to quit when configured process terminates. [#3839](https://github.com/beamable/BeamableProduct/issues/3839)
- Player initialization support through `IFederatedPlayerInit` interface. [#3838](https://github.com/beamable/BeamableProduct/issues/3838)
- Added `CallableFlags` to all `Callable` attributes. You can now use this to opt-out of client-code generation for specific `Callables` (mostly used for hiding `AdminOnlyCallables` from client source). 

### Changed
- Updated MongoDb.Driver reference to 2.19.2 in accordance with [known security vulnerability](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-7j9m-j397-g4wx)

### Removed
- No longer support net6.0 or net7.0

## [3.0.1] - 2024-12-09

### Fixed
- Fixed issue that caused the OAPI Generation to fail with an exception if you put `BeamGenerateSchema` on a type that was already used in a `Callable` signature.
  - This implies that you can now reuse `BeamGenerateSchema` types for both custom notifications AND `Callable` signatures.

## [3.0.0] - 2024-12-04

### Added
- `Net8.0` support
- Microservices can accept federation traffic locally without needing to be deployed
- Microservices can have local developer settings in the `.beamable/temp/localDev` folder
- Microservice federations must exist in a special config file, `federations.json`
- Added `BeamGenerateSchemaAttribute` that can be used to include custom types declared inside microservices in the service's OpenAPI spec's schema list.
  This includes the type in the list of types generated by client-code generation.
  This can be used to avoid having to sync schemas between Unreal (or any non-C# product) and the services/storages that use them.
- `admin/metadata` route will return sdk version and other metadata about a running service.

### Changed
- Dockerfiles are simplified. Deployment builds occur on the host machine and are copied into build image.
- Microservices classes must be marked with the `partial` keyword
- `IThirdPartyCloudId` renamed to `IFederationId`
- `IThirdPartyCloudId` subtypes require a `[FederationId]` attribute with a string argument equal to the old `.UniqueName` property
- Microservice projects should reference `Beamable.Microservice.SourceGen`
- Microservice uses `routingKey` instead of `prefix` for HTTP routing
- `AssumeUser` was renamed to `AssumeNewUser`
- `RequestDataHandler` was renamed to `UserRequestDataHandler`

### Fixed
- services running locally will use adaptive port bindings to avoid port collisions
- JoinTournaments api now propagates the tournamentId to the inner GetPlayerStatus call, which reduces the amount of data fetched
- calling `Context.Services.Inventory.GetItems()` will no longer break when items reference deleted content
- Microservices have improved thread-safety when sending messages to Beamable.
- `AssumeUser` now returns a disposable object, memory usage improvements
- `[Callable]` methods no longer produce `AccountNotFoundError` errors when emitting Beamable API calls with valid playerIds.
